hi my name is PJ and today we're going
to be installing some ionic stainless
steel step bars on this 2009 chevy
silverado extended cab alright we're
going to start by loosening up the
brackets or the excuse me the factory
bolts now you may have to do this using
a breaker bar at first just to get them
loose once they break you should be able
to choose a normal ratchet we're using a
21 millimeter socket now they won't fall
right out you'll have to take the bolt
and pull down put the bolt through the
bracket itself and then you'll take the
rubber bushing with the flat washer and
put it on the top and then you'll go
back in and insert it back and self and
for this all you're going to do is just
hand tighten for now until you actually
put the bar on the actual bracket and
now we just came from the back bracket
now we're going to the center bracket
again using the breaker bar just to
loosen it up to where you can then use a
regular ratchet to continue loosing it
to make a little quicker for you
right through and then putting of
relocating the rubber pushing back on
top and then again just putting it in
and just hand technique for now for the
last bracket would move to the front
again just to break to is to break the
bolt to make it easier to get rid of
we're going to use a breaker bar lastly
installing the bolt and then there a
bushing then relocating it back up in
okay now we're going to install the bar
on the passenger side as you can see
this one's got green bubble wrap which
in the package they are different colors
we've got the clear and the white for
the driver and then as you can see the
green pin passenger okay now we're going
to install the bar starting with the
back alright now we're doing the same
thing to the front lift on the bar up
around that Center bracket
we'll make sure you pull the bracket out
properly into the right position and
then this again hand-tighten bolt right
in alright now when you've got all all
three bolts into the bar you can then go
ahead and start tightening everything
down starting with the bar first that
way positions everything correctly all
right and lastly what we're gonna do is
just go back and tighten up the body
mount bolts in the very very last step
of the installation is just tighten down
your front bottom elbow
thank you for joining us and have a
great day